NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D'S"
Jack: WELCOME
TO THE KAIBA DOME!
LET'S RIDE.
JUNK WARRIOR SEND'EM
TO THE SCRAP HEAP!
ERR!
IT'S MY TURN NOW.
FEEL THE POWER OF MY
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
[ROARING]
YOU'RE GOING TO REGRET
EVER COMING HERE, YUSEI,
'CAUSE I'M GOING TO BEAT
YOU WITH YOUR OWN CARD!
WHAT IS THAT?
I'LL TEACH YOU TO
PLAY TRICKS WITH ME!
I ACTIVATE
A SPEED SPELL!
END OF STORM!
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?
WE GOTTA STOP!
[THINKING]
THE MIGHTY BEAST HAS
EMERGED FROM ITS SLUMBER
WHERE DID THIS
COME FROM?
JACK, WHAT'S GOING ON?
UNH!
YOU ARE IN VIOLATION
OF CODE 36-B,
WE ARE PLACING YOU
UNDER ARREST.
DO NOT TRY TO RUN.
WE HAVE YOU SURROUNDED.
[THINKING]
OH, MAN, I GOT
NO ESCAPE,
BUT EVEN IF I DID MANAGE
TO GET AWAY,
I STILL DON'T
KNOW WHAT THAT
THING ON MY ARM WAS!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Judge: WHO'S NEXT?
"YUSEI FUDO?"
LOOK AT HIM...
HE'S A BOY!
WHAT'S SO BAD
ABOUT THIS KID?
LET'S CHECK OUT
THE COMPLAINT.
MR. YUSEI FUDO,
TURBO DUELING
WITHOUT A LICENSE,
BLAH BLAH,
MALICIOUS MISCHIEF
BLAWDY BLAH BLAH...
ENTERING THE LIMITS
OF NEW DOMINO CITY
WITHOUT A PERMIT?
HMM.
WELL NOW, WE CAN'T
HAVE THAT, CAN WE?
SO HERE'S A LITTLE
TRACKING DYE.
IS IT SUPPOSED
TO TICKLE?
IT'S SUPPOSED TO MAKE
SURE WE CAN KEEP
AN EYE ON YOU!
NOW TO DISCUSS
PUNISHMENT.
AWWWWW!
Judge, voice-over:
I BELIEVE A FEW MONTHS
IN THE "THE FACILITY"
SHOULD DO IT.
ALL ABOARD!
NOT TO WORRY,
YOUNG MAN.
THINK OF IT AS
A SORT OF SUMMER CAMP.
LOTS OF TIME TO YOURSELF,
ARTS CRAFTS,
COLORFUL CHARACTERS.
HI!
AFTER YOUR SENTENCE... AHEM...
I MEAN, "VACATION" IS OVER,
YOU'RE FREE TO GO
BACK TO SATELLITE,
AS LONG AS YOU NEVER DUEL
OR SET FOOT
IN NEW DOMINO CITY AGAIN.
HEY, KID!
HUH? HMM.
HOW YA DOIN'?
I'M SURE YA HEARD
OF ME, YOUNG FELLA.
NAME'S YANAGI!
ADVENTURE'S MY NAME,
AND FAMOUS RELICS
ARE MY GAME!
PUT 'ER THERE!
GUESS YOU'RE NOT
INTO SHAKING HANDS.
WELL, THAT'S ALRIGHT!
WAAAIT A SECOND,
I NEVER FORGET A FACE!
YOU WERE
AT THE KAIBA DOME!
I SAW SECTOR SECURITY
TAKE YOU AWAY!
SO WAS IT YOU WHO
MADE ALL THE POWER
IN THE CITY GO OUT?
AND THAT MONSTER.
DID YOU CAUSE THAT
RED DRAGON TO APPEAR,
AS WELL?!
'CAUSE IF YA DID,
NOT BAD!
I MEAN THAT WAS WAS
THE MOST AMAZING THING
I'VE EVER SEEN.
YOU SAW THAT?
DID I SEE IT?
THE WHOLE CITY
SAW THAT DRAGON!
PLEASE TELL ME
WHERE YOU GOT IT!
EAST INDIA?
THE SOUTH AMERICAN
PYRAMIDS?
LOST CAVES?
HUH?
AAH!
AH. MY ARM WHY DOES IT
HURT SO MUCH?
I CAN'T REMEMBER.
MINA? WHAT HAPPENED
TO ME LAST NIGHT?
WHAT DO YOU
MEAN, MR. ATLAS?
ARE YOU SAYING THAT
YOU DON'T REMEMBER?
YOU WERE
IN THE KAIBA DOME.
YOU HAD A DUEL
WITH A SATELLITE
NAMED "YUSEI".
IT WAS AMAZING!
YOU HAD HIM
ON THE ROPES,
AND THEN HE
COUNTERED,
AND YOU COUNTERED,
AND THEN
THE POWER OUTAGE
SAVED YOU
FROM LOSING.
SAVED ME FROM WHAT?!
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
I HAD HIM RIGHT
WHERE I WANTED HIM!
OH, UM,
OF COURSE YOU DID!
PLEASE DON'T BE
ANGRY MR. ATLAS.
RIGHT!
WAIT. WHERE ARE YOU
HEADING OFF TO?
MR. GOODWIN TOLD
ME YOU SHOULD BE
RESTING!
Zigzix: YOU SEE, WHEN JACK
AND YUSEI'S DRAGONS ATTACKED
EACH OTHER,
THERE WAS A HUGE BURST
OF THE "ULTIMATE ENERGY"
I WAS TALKING ABOUT.
I CALL IT ENER-D!
GET IT? IT RHYMES
WITH "ENERGY,"
AND THE "D" IS
FOR DUELING,
SO YOU GET,
THE, UM, THE IDEA. HEH.
WHATEVER WE CALL IT
ZIGZIX,
THIS POWER FLUX WAS
APPARENTLY STRONG
ENOUGH TO AWAKEN
THE ANCIENT
AND MYSTICAL POWERS
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
THE CRIMSON DRAGON?!
BUT ITS ENERGY
IS IMMEASURABLE.
WE HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT WOULD HAPPEN
SHOULD ALL OF ITS POWERS
BE UNLEASHED!
EARTHQUAKES! TORNADOES!
CATACLYSMIC CATASTROPHES!
COMPLETE GENERATOR MELTDOWN!
WE LOST THE SIGNAL
RIGHT HERE.
THE DRAGON OVERLOADED
THE POWER GRID.
EXCELLENT.
SO IT SEEMS
THE POWER CREATED
BY ITS SUMMONING IS
GREATER THAN WE
EVER IMAGINED.
HEH HEH HEH.
HMM.
Man: WELCOME
TO THE FACILITY,
YOUR "HOME AWAY FROM HOME!"
A WARM BED,
THREE SQUARE MEALS A DAY,
EVERYTHING THE PUBLIC
MISCREANT COULD WANT!
HURRY UP!
Computer: IDENTIFICATION
NUMBER G2MA2-88.
ILLEGAL ENTRY
TO NEW DOMINO CITY.
BET YOU WISH YOU STAYED
IN THE SATELLITE NOW!
NOW LISTEN UP...
THE RULES ARE SIMPLE:
NO CHEWING GUM,
NO FIGHTING,
AND NO DUELING!
ALSO, YOU PROBABLY DON'T
WANT TO GET TOO CLOSE
TO THESE BARS.
SOME OF THESE GUYS BITE!
NOW AS LONG AS YOU STAY QUIET
AND FOLLOW THOSE DIRECTIONS,
YOU SHOULD BE SAFE.
ALRIGHT!
HERE ARE YOUR NEW ROOMS.
I HOPE THE WATER STAINED
BATTLESHIP GREY IS
TO YOUR LIKING.
HOME SWEET HOME!!!
YANAGI'S BEEN HERE
A FEW TIMES BEFORE
AS YOU CAN TELL.
PERSONALLY I THINK
THE FOOD'S FINALLY
GOTTEN TO HIM!
HEY! GUARD!
WHAT D'YA WANT?
THOUGHT I'D
THROW A LITTLE
"WELCOME PARTY"
FOR MY NEW
NEIGHBORS.
YOU KNOW, TEACH 'EM
THE ROPES,
MAKE SURE THEY STAY
IN LINE.
GOOD LUCK.
NEW GUY LOOKS
LIKE TROUBLE.
HEH HEH HEH!
AHHHH!
GREAT TO BE BACK!
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE SO
MUCH NICER THAN MY
LAST ROOMMATE?
WHAT'S A GUY LIKE
YOU DOING HERE?
ME? I COLLECT CARDS!
EVERYONE DOES THAT!
NOT QUITE!
SEE MINE ARE ILLEGAL
MAGIC RELICS!
THEY'RE FROM ANCIENT
CIVILIZATIONS!
THAT SOUNDS
PRETTY COOL.
WISH I COULD SEE SOME.
TA-DAH! LOOK HERE!
AND HERE!
LIKE I SAID!
I'VE BEEN STUCK HERE
SO MANY TIMES,
I'VE LEARNED HOW
TO SNEAK IN
MY ENTIRE DECK
PAST THE GUARDS!
AND IT'S A GOOD
THING I DID!
WHY? WE CAN'T DUEL!
YOU GOT A LOT
TO LEARN, SONNY!
DUELING IS THE ONLY
WAY TO STAY SAFE!
AND YOU'LL LEARN THAT
LESSON SOON ENOUGH!
BUT AS LONG AS WE GOT
THESE CARDS, WE'RE SET!
OKAY.
HA HA HA!
WAIT! THE DIRECTOR'S
IN A MEETING!
HE CAN'T
BE DISTURBED!
LOOK AT THIS!
THE ENER-D INCREASED
WHEN BOTH DRAGONS
WERE OUT!
BUT IT ONLY WENT INTO
TO OVERDRIVE WHEN THEY
ATTACKED EACH OTHER!
VERY INTERESTING.
WE MUST FIND OUT WHY
THESE TWO BEASTS
WERE ABLE TO AWAKEN
THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
HMM.
[DOOR OPENS]
I'M SORRY, DIRECTOR.
JACK.
THAT'S MY DUEL!
DID THESE TWO PEONS
RECORD WHAT HAPPENED
LAST NIGHT?!
CALM DOWN, JACK.
YOU BROKE A DOZEN
LAWS LAST NIGHT.
YOU'RE LUCKY THAT
YOUR LITTLE MATCH
DIDN'T END UP
ON THE NEWS!
IT'S OUR JOB
TO PROTECT YOU, JACK,
SO WE NEED TO KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED.
SO THEN PLEASE HELP
ALL OF US HELP YOU.
TELL US ABOUT
THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
SURE, LIKE WHAT,
GOODWIN?!
I KNOW!
HOW'BOUT THIS?
THIS STARTED TO BURN!
YOU SHOULD BE PROUD.
IT'S THE CRIMSON
DRAGON'S MARK.
IT'S A SYMBOL
OF POWER.
YOU ARE ONE
OF THE RARE FEW
KNOWN AS A SIGNER.
SO WHAT?
THIS SIGN INDICATES
THAT YOU ARE
DESTINED
FOR GREAT THINGS.
YEAH?! WELL I ALREADY
KNEW I WAS DESTINED
FOR GREATNESS!
SO TELL ME, WHY DID
YUSEI HAVE ONE, AS WELL?!
WHAT WAS THAT?!
THAT SATELLITE HAD
THE SIGN AS WELL?!
DIDN'T YOUR
CAMERAS PICK IT UP?
JACK, SIGNS MEAN FAR
MORE THAN YOU KNOW.
YOU HAVE TO BE SURE
THAT YUSEI HAD ONE.
SO WHAT IF HE HAD ONE!
YUSEI'S NOT DESTINED
FOR ANYTHING
BUT MINIMUM WAGE!
PLUS, HE DIDN'T HAVE
ONE IN THE SATELLITE,
SO IT MUST BE A FAKE.
HUH? WHAT WAS THAT
ON THE VIDEO?!
PLAY IT BACK TO ME!
BEFORE THIS!
THERE! COME ON. COME ON!
I WANT THAT
IMAGE ENLARGED.
UH-OF COURSE!
OH! THAT CARD!
THAT'S... THAT'S
METEOR STREAM!
YOU ARE CORRECT
AS USUAL.
AND YOU SHOULD BE
PLEASED THAT
THE POWER WENT OUT.
OTHERWISE,
YOUR UNBEATEN STREAK
WOULD HAVE
COME TO AN END.
IF YOU DON'T
BELIEVE ME,
SEE FOR YOURSELF.
I ACTIVATE
A SPEED SPELL!
END OF STORM!
DON'T LOOK SO
DEPRESSED, JACK!
I GUESS YOUR FRIEND
YUSEI LEARNED SOME
NEW TRICKS!
YOU PROBABLY THOUGHT
YOUR COMBO WOULD
GIVE YOU BACK STARDUST,
BUT YOU OPENED THE DOOR
FOR A COUNTERATTACK.
IT'S AN EASY MISTAKE.
A MISTAKE?!
YOU HAD BETTER WATCH
WHAT YOU SAY IN FRONT OF ME,
YOU MISERABLE
PURPLE-HAIRED
LITTLE FREAK!
I ONLY SPEAK
THE TRUTH.
I KNEW WHAT I WAS DOING
ALL ALONG!
HOW MANY TIMES
MUST I TELL YOU
YUSEI'S JUST A LOSER?!
I'M THE CHAMP,
AND I'M THE ONE WHO'S
GONE UNDEFEATED
IN NEW DOMINO CITY!
THEN WHY DOESN'T
OUR DEAR CHAMPION
KNOW WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YUSEI'S
METEOR STREAM
COUNTERS YOUR
INTENDED MOVE?
YOU LOSE THE MATCH!
BUT I STILL HAD 900
LIFE POINTS AFTER MY COMBO,
AND HIS METEOR STREAM
WAS ONLY GONNA TAKE AWAY...
ALL OF THEM.
THERE WAS
NOTHING I COULD DO.
I ACTUALLY LOST TO HIM.
IMPOSSIBLE.
ERR!
JACK! LAST NIGHT
NEVER HAPPENED.
NO ONE OUTSIDE
THIS ROOM KNOWS
THIS VIDEO EXISTS.
BUT I KNOW, GOODWIN!
I KNOW WHAT
HAPPENED LAST NIGHT!
AND I'M GOING
TO SETTLE SOME
UNFINISHED BUSINESS!
WHERE IS YUSEI?!
I HAVE TO DUEL
HIM AGAIN!
I'M AFRAID THAT'S
A LITTLE TRICKY
RIGHT NOW.
YUSEI'S A SATELLITE.
THEREFORE HE'S
BEEN TAKEN TO
THE FACILITY.
AND I'M AFRAID HE
WON'T BE LEAVING
FOR QUITE SOME TIME.
BUT DON'T WORRY,
JACK.
WE HEAR THAT
HE'S BEING MADE
FEEL RIGHT AT HOME
I'M GOING.
THE FACILITY?!
IF THIS IS YOUR IDEA
OF A JOKE,
I'M NOT LAUGHING,
JACK.
DON'T THROW AWAY ALL
THAT WE'VE WORKED FOR
JUST TO PROVE THAT
YOU'RE THE BEST
AGAINST HIM.
YOUR SIGN, JACK,
IT IS YOUR DESTINY!
[WHIMPERING]
SAY HELLO, NEWBIE,
TO MY DUEL STADIUM.
HOPE YOU KNOW
HOW TO DUEL!
READY?
YOU READY, GUYS?
LET'S SEE WHAT
HE'S MADE OF.
AAH! AAH!
NOW LEMME TELL YA HOW
THINGS ARE GONNA WORK
AROUND HERE.
FIRST DAY IN,
EVERYONE DUELS.
YOU DUEL GOOD,
YOU GET RESPECT.
BUT DON'T GET
NO IDEAS
'CAUSE I'M THE BEST.
AHHH! HA HA HA!
OF COURSE YOU'RE
THE BEST!
YOU'RE BOLT TANNER!
HE'S A PRO!
AND I'M YOUR
BIGGEST FAN!
CAN I HAVE
AN AUTOGRAPH PLEASE!
SURE, BUT I ONLY WRITE
IN BLACK AND BLUE?
AW, MAN.
THE OLD GUY HAD
THAT COMING!
TANNER SURE DOES HATE IT
WHEN ANYBODY
BRINGS UP HIS PAST!
CONGRATS!
YOU GOT YOUR
FIRST OPPONENT,
AND IT'S YOURS TRULY!
AND I'M GONNA MOP THE FLOOR
WITH THAT BIG HEAD
OF YOURS!
AND CAUSE YA GOT
NO DECK, LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE DUELIN' WITH
A REJECT ONE WE PUT TOGETHER.
HEE HEE!
ACTUALLY I SMUGGLED
IN MY OWN DECK, TANNER!
AND IT'S THE GREATEST
DECK EVER MADE!
EHHH!
AND I CALL IT MY
TREASURE DECK!
AND IT'S PACKED!
RELICS! FOSSILS!
ANTIQUES!
SEE? SEE?
SEE, SEE!
IT'S ALL HERE!
A "TREASURE DECK?!"
HOW'D HE GET THAT?!
EITHER WAY, THEY WON'T
HELP YOU, GRANDPA.
N'WHERE'S YOUR DECK?
NOT WITH ME.
AFTER I'M THROUGH
WITH GRAMPS OVER HERE,
I'LL RUSTLE UP SOME
CARDS FOR YOU.
AND THEN I'LL TEACH
YOU A THING OR TWO
ABOUT DUELING
IN THE FACILITY.
AND YOU BETTER BELIEVE
IT'LL BE A LESSON
YOU'LL NEVER FORGET.
OOOOOOKAY!
LET'S EVERYONE
CALM DOWN!
I'VE BEEN HERE BEFORE,
AND I KNOW HOW THE RULES
ARE SUPPOSED TO WORK!
IF I WIN, THEN
WELL I'M IN CHARGE.
LIKE THAT WOULD
EVER HAPPEN!
WELL SINCE YOU'RE
SO CONFIDENT,
LET'S GET
THIS DUEL STARTED
SO I CAN END IT.
WHOO-HOO!
THIS IS LIKE A DREAM
COME TRUE, TANNER!
DUELING MY HERO!
JUST GO!
BE CAREFUL, TANNER!
AFTER ALL IF HIS DECK'S
FOR REAL,
THEN YOU JUST MIGHT HAVE
A FIGHT ON YOUR HANDS!
LIKE HIS "TREASURE DECK"
IS REAL.
DON'T MAKE ME LAUGH!
OH THEY'RE REAL!
I PROMISE!
AND THEY'RE GONNA PUT ME
IN CHARGE OF THIS PLACE!
GRANDPA!
AGE BEFORE BEAUTY!
HA HA HA! I GET IT!
I'M FIRST!
HA HA HA!
WATCH THIS!
OH!
A PRICELESS ARTIFACT!
I GOT THIS ONE DURING MY
LAST AMAZING ADVENTURE!
I BEFRIENDED
AN ANCIENT TRIBE
OF AZTEC WARRIORS,
WHO LED ME
TO THEIR SECRET,
FORBIDDEN TEMPLE,
WHERE I FOUND...
SAVE THE STORIES
FOR BEDTIME, GRANDPA,
AND MAKE YOUR MOVE.
WHERE I FOUND THIS!
THE ANCIENT RELIC KNOWN
AS THE CRYSTAL SKULL.
Computer: CRYSTAL SKULL
IS A MONSTER CARD
THAT DEALS 1000 POINTS
OF DAMAGE
TO ITS CONTROLLER
WHEN IT IS SUMMONED.
HA HA HA!
SO WHO'S LAUGHING
NOW, TANNER?!
HUH? AAH!
YOU DIDN'T READ
THE FINE PRINT,
GRAMPS!
LOOKS LIKE HIS TREASURE
HAS ITS OWN CURSE!
HE LOST LIFE POINTS
JUST FOR SUMMONING IT!
BUT OF COURSE!
THE CURSE PROVES
THAT IT'S NO FAKE!
THE AZTECS PROMISED
ME THAT IT WAS REAL!
AND WHAT ELSE DID
THEY PROMISE YOU?
MONTEZUMA'S REVENGE?
HEY GRANDPA!
I GOT AN ANCIENT
ARTIFACT FOR YA:
IT'S YOUR WARDROBE!
IF THERE'S ONE THING
THE ANCIENT AZTECS
DIDN'T GIVE YOU,
IT WAS A MIRROR!
HA HA HA!
OH YEAH! NOT TO
MENTION DEODORANT!
YOU THINK
YOU'RE FUNNY?
JUST YOU WAIT.
THE ANCIENT
AND MYSTICAL POWERS
OF THE CRYSTAL SKULL
WILL STOP
YOU LAUGHING
IN YOUR TRACKS!
OK, GRAMPS,
STORY-TIME'S OVER.
SO NOW IT'S MY TURN!
AND I'M STARTING OUT
WITH THIS...
MY SPELL CARD COST DOWN.
Computer: COST DOWN IS
A SPELL CARD THAT DOWNGRADES
ALL THE MONSTERS
IN YOUR HAND BY TWO LEVELS
UNTIL THE END OF YOUR TURN.
HUH?
AND WHY'D YOU
DO THAT?
'CAUSE YOU'RE
A FUNNY GUY, GRANDPA.
N' I WANT THE CHANCE TO
EMBARRASS YOU EVEN MORE!
AND THIS GUY SHOULD KEEP
THE MISERY COMING...
I SUMMON USHI ONI!
AND HE'S WORSE THAN
ANYONE YOU MIGHT
RUN INTO HERE.
AAH!
[ROARS]
HA HA HA!
YOU LOOK SCARED, GRANDPA!
AND YOU SHOULD BE
BECAUSE THE MY USHI ONI
IS ABOUT TO TURN
YOUR CRYSTAL SKULL
INTO AN AZTEC RUIN.
USHI ONI, TAKE OUT
THAT ANCIENT RELIC!
YOU CAN'T!
THE CRYSTAL SKULL IS
A PRICELESS ARTIFACT!
[ROARS]
AAH!
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU'VE JUST DONE?!
I JUST DESTROYED
A "PRICELESS
ARTIFACT," GRAMPS!
GUESS WHAT?
NOW IT REALLY IS
ANCIENT HISTORY!
YOUR TURN.
WELL LET'S SEE WHAT
OTHER TREASURES I
HAVE FOR YOU!
HA HA! WATCH THIS!
HA HA HA!
THIS WAS A RARE
FIND INDEED!
DURING MY ADVENTURES
IN INDIA,
I DISCOVERED THIS
ASHOKA PILLAR
IN THE LOST CAPITAL
OF THE MAURYA EMPIRE!
HA HA HA!
AMAZING.
LOOKS MORE LIKE
A GIANT LAMP POST TO ME!
YEAH! THAT DON'T
SEEM SO SPECIAL!
WELL IT IS!
SEE THE ASHOKA
PILLAR IS A SOURCE
OF GREAT STRENGTH
TO THE MAURYA CULTURE!
IT'S OVER
A MILLENNIA OLD,
AND NO ONE KNOWS QUITE
HOW IT WAS CREATED!
I HAVE MY
SUSPICIONS.
HEY! GRANDPA!
GIVE THE COLLEGE
LECTURE A BREAK!
THEY TRIED TO TEACH
ME THAT STUFF BACK
AT THE REEDUCATION CENTER!
AND I FLUNKED IT
A DOZEN TIMES!
I'D BE HAPPY TO
TUTOR YOU IN ALL
THE RELEVANT TEXTS!
FOR INSTANCE, THIS
SPIRIT MASK SPELL CARD
IS A TREASURED ARTIFACT
FROM A AFRICA TRIBE!
HEH! ALL THAT'S GOOD
FOR IS HALLOWEEN!
BUT IT HAS VAST
SUPERNATURAL POWERS!
JUST WAIT 'TIL
NEXT TURN!
DON'T THINK SO!
I'VE HAD ENOUGH
OF AZTEC-THIS,
ASHOKA-THAT,
AND AFRICAN-WHATEVER!
SO I THINK I'LL END
THIS LECTURE OF YOURS
AND START UP
ONE OF MY OWN!
SEE I RULE THIS PLACE,
AND IT'S TIME YOU LOSERS
LEARNED A LESSON
IN RESPECT!
NOW LETS GET THIS
CLASS STARTED.
AND START UP
ONE OF MY OWN!
UH-OH.
I SUMMON GIANT
USHI ONI!
[ROARING]
HEY, GRANDPA!
YOU MIGHT WANT TO
CLOSE YOUR EYES!
UNLESS YOU WANT TO
SEE YOUR PILLAR
GET PULVERIZED!
HA! SO MUCH
FOR THAT!
AAH!
BUT WAIT, GUYS.
GRAMPS WASN'T LYING ABOUT
THAT PILLAR'S STRENGTH...
HUH?
'CAUSE AS SOON
AS IT GETS DESTROYED,
IT DELIVERS TWO THOUSAND
POINTS OF DAMAGE
TO ITS OWNER!
AAH!
AND LET'S NOT FORGET
YOUR SUPERNATURAL
SPIRIT MASK.
IT WENT RIGHT
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
'N' THAT MEANS YOU TAKE
ONE CARD FROM YOUR HAND
'N' THROW IT
IN AFTERWARDS
TO KEEP IT COMPANY!
OH YEAH.
HEH! TANNER'S RIGHT!
HE SHOULD'VE SAVED
THAT MASK
FOR SOME
MASQUERADE BALL!
ERR.
IF YOU WANT TO SEE
SOME REAL MAGIC,
CHECK OUT USHI'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
IF HE DESTROYS A MONSTER
IN BATTLE,
HE CAN ATTACK YOU
ALL OVER AGAIN!
NOW, GIANT USHI ONI,
ATTACK!
AAH!
[ROARS]
AAH! AAH!
ARE YOU OKAY?
[WHIMPERING]
CLASS DISMISSED.
YOU MAY HAVE BEEN HERE
BEFORE, GRANDPA,
BUT YOU NEVER DUELED
WITH THE LIKES OF ME!
N' SINCE YOU LOST,
THAT MEANS IM STILL
IN CHARGE OF THIS PLACE!
NOW GET OUTTA HERE.
AND LEAVE YOUR
"PRECIOUS TREASURES" WITH ME!
PLEASE LET ME
KEEP MY DECK!
I'M... I'M JUST
AN OLD MAN,
MR. TANNER!
I'VE SPENT MY ENTIRE
LIFE COLLECTING ALL
THESE RARE CARDS!
THESE CARDS ARE ALL
I HAVE LEFT,
YOU UNDERSTAND!
THEY'RE LIKE
MY CHILDREN!
THESE CARDS
ARE SO SPECIAL
AND SO DELICATE
THAT THEY REQUIRE
PROPER SUPERVISION!
I'VE CLIMBED
MOUNT EVEREST,
I'VE SURVIVED
THE SAHARAN HEAT,
I'VE TOUCHED
THE NORTH
AND SOUTH POLES,
AND IN ALL THESE
AMAZING TRAVELS,
THERE'S NOTHING
AS PRECIOUS
AS THESE CARDS!
JUS' OPEN YOUR HEART
AND LET ME KEEP
THEM SAFE
AND SOUND!
YOU CAN'T DO THIS!
UGH! UNH! AAH!
LOOKS LIKE YOU JUST
EARNED YOURSELF A DUEL!
CAN I BORROW YOUR CARDS?
I CAN SEE THE TRUE VALUE
OF YOUR TREASURE DECK.
WHAT?
HUH?
YOU THINK THIS
TREASURE DECK IS WORTHLESS?
THEN PROVE IT, TANNER.
DUEL YOU?
WITH THAT DECK?
PLEASE, I WANT
A CHALLENGE.
AND YOU'LL GET ONE.
YOU SAID WE DUEL
HERE FOR RESPECT.
I THINK IT'S ABOUT TIME
YOU LEARN WHAT
THAT REALLY MEANS.
AHH.